fan charo
fan bondho koro
light jalao
light charo
light nibhao
fan on koro
light bondho koro
dorja khulo
dorja lagao
light off koro
AC on koro
AC off koro
TV on koro
TV off koro
TV charo
TV bondho koro
AC charo
AC bondho koro
security on koro
security off koro
bedroom ligh off koro
bedroom ligh on koro
bedroom fan on koro
bedroom fan off koro
bedroom fan charo
bedroom fan bondho koro
bedroom light jalao
bedroom ligh nibhao
drawing room ligh off koro
drawing room ligh on koro
drawing room fan on koro
drawing room fan off koro
drawing room fan charo
drawing room fan bondho koro
drawing room light jalao
drawing room ligh nibhao
kitchen ligh off koro
kitchen ligh on koro
kitchen fan on koro
kitchen fan off koro
kitchen fan charo
kitchen fan bondho koro
kitchen light jalao
kitchen ligh nibhao
room ek er light jalao
room ek er light nibhao
room dui er light jalao
room dui er light nibhao
room tin er light jalao
room tin er light nibhao

